Adding Chandra x-ray data download script and ancillary files (#27)
AstroPile/AstroPile: scripts/chandra/README.md

Reviewer: I have made suggestions throughout to improve clarity and match the argument keywords that I have amended for clarity.

# Download Chandra X-ray spectral Data

This dataset consists of reduced X-ray spectra for sources in the [Chandra Source Catalog](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/csc/), 
which is the repository of all sources detected by the Chandra X-ray Observatory. The catalog contains many data files,
and here we will be adding only the spectra. Spectral files consist of three types of files: the Pulse Height Amplitude (PHA)
file, which records the charge per pixel in the CCD, and two spectral response files the ARF, and the RMF, that together
account for the telescopes effective area as a function of energy, quantum efficiency, etc. The scripts here will download the

> three types of files, but then will processs the PHA files using the response files, and only produce the final spectra. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
three types of files, processs the PHA files using the response files, and produce the final spectra as a loadable dataset.
```

Reviewer: This is the actual goal. The 'only' is diminutive, and is irrelevant to ML practitioners. X-Ray experts will still understand the updated language.

## Downloading the data

> The script 'download_script.py' downloads the spectral files directly from the Chandra server, using the [CLI protocol](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/csc/cli/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script [download_script.py](./download_script.py) downloads the spectral files directly from the Chandra server, using the [CLI protocol](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/csc/cli/).
```

Here is how to use it:

```

> > python download_script.py [Minumum number of source counts] [Minimum signal to noise] [Maximum off-axis angle] [Name of file] [Output directory]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
python download_script.py \
  --min_cnts $MINIMUM_NUMBER_OF_SOURCE_COUNTS \
  --min_sig $MINIMUM_SIGNAL_TO_NOISE_RATIO \
  --max_theta $MAXIMUM_OFF_AXIS_ANGLE \
  --output_file $NAME_OF_FILE \
  --file_path $OUTPUT_DIR
```
```

```

The first three arguments are the number of X-ray counts in the source detection, the signal to noise of the detection,
and the angle from the center of the field (the PSF degrades in a X-ray telescope far from the center of the field).
The lower the number of counts or the signal to noise, the more source spectra are dowloaded, because dimmer sources

> are also selected. Recommended values for a short test are: 4000,80,1. To download the majority of the sources: 40,5,10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are also selected. Recommended values for a short test are: 4000, 80, 1. To download the largest set of reasonable sources: 40, 5, 10. The recommeded values are the default: 4000, 40, 1.

```

> "Name of file" refers to the catalog file that is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$NAME_OF_FILE` refers to the catalog file that is created.

```

## Installing dependencies

> In order to process the spectrum using the response files, the [Sherpa](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/sherpa/) software is required. To install it:

Reviewer: This should already be installed from the `dset-requirements.txt`. It should either be updated to state "to check if ... is installed ..." or removed.

```
> pip install sherpa
```

## Processing the spectrum
The spectral files are processed to produce the spectra, and saved to the hdf5 file with:

```

> > python build_parent_sample.py [Catalog file] [Name of hdf5 file] [Path to spectral files]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
python build_parent_sample.py \
  --cat_file $CATALOG_FILE \
  --output_file $NAME_OF_HDF5_FILE \
  --file_path $PATH_TO_SPECTRAL_FILES
```
```

```

> Where the catalog file is the one created by download_script.py, “Name of hdf5 file” is the name where the dataset will be stored, and the path refers to the directory where the spectral files have been previously downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where the catalog file is the one created by [download_script.py](./download_script.py), `$NAME_OF_HDF5_FILE` is the name where the dataset will be stored, and the path refers to the directory where the spectral files have been previously downloaded.
```

three types of files, processs the PHA files using the response files, and produce the final spectra as a loadable dataset.

## Downloading the data

The script [download_script.py](./download_script.py) downloads the spectral files directly from the Chandra server, using the [CLI protocol](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/csc/cli/).
Here is how to use it:

```
```shell
python download_script.py \
  --min_cnts $MINIMUM_NUMBER_OF_SOURCE_COUNTS \
  --min_sig $MINIMUM_SIGNAL_TO_NOISE_RATIO \
  --max_theta $MAXIMUM_OFF_AXIS_ANGLE \
  --output_file $NAME_OF_FILE \
  --file_path $OUTPUT_DIR
```

The first three arguments are the number of X-ray counts in the source detection, the signal to noise of the detection,
and the angle from the center of the field (the PSF degrades in a X-ray telescope far from the center of the field).
The lower the number of counts or the signal to noise, the more source spectra are dowloaded, because dimmer sources
are also selected. Recommended values for a short test are: 4000, 80, 1. To download the largest set of recommended sources is the default: 40, 4, 10.

`$NAME_OF_FILE` refers to the catalog file that is created.

## Installing dependencies

> In order to process the spectrum using the response files, the [Sherpa](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/sherpa/) software is required. To install it:
> 
> ```
> > pip install sherpa
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to process the spectrum using the response files, the [Sherpa](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/sherpa/) software is required. The installation can be verified with:
```
pip show sherpa
```
and installed if needed with:
```
pip install sherpa
```
```

## Processing the spectrum
The spectral files are processed to produce the spectra, and saved to the hdf5 file with:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Download Chandra X-ray spectral Data

This dataset consists of reduced X-ray spectra for sources in the [Chandra Source Catalog](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/csc/), 
which is the repository of all sources detected by the Chandra X-ray Observatory. The catalog contains many data files,
and here we will be adding only the spectra. Spectral files consist of three types of files: the Pulse Height Amplitude (PHA)
file, which records the charge per pixel in the CCD, and two spectral response files the ARF, and the RMF, that together
account for the telescopes effective area as a function of energy, quantum efficiency, etc. The scripts here will download the
three types of files, processs the PHA files using the response files, and produce the final spectra as a loadable dataset.

## Downloading the data

The script [download_script.py](./download_script.py) downloads the spectral files directly from the Chandra server, using the [CLI protocol](https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/csc/cli/).
Here is how to use it:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
